so folks plus a favorites video
of the month and I 'll talk about my products
most used now in the month of September was
The month has gone by and I'm sending it.
It 's the different products for you.
I clear that I used other products
but I wanted to bring only the products that
I used it differently so it does not get so
repetitive okay then found himself
interested in knowing what it is that I
I used it in the meantime just continue
watching this book
Good, I 'll start by talking about the
skin care products
and that through this month
I used the products a little bit with a
A little bit different, let's go to me.
for my skin
I used this product here, look who it is
of a brand called there vertuan that I
I bought there buffel know your brand
lab faith since it is a lotion facial tonic
which has aloe vera callendula thermal water
tea I see in the formula I used enough
he is very well dense well concentrated know
I just did not like the cover of it that much
he has this cap so I know
I think it could be a lid with a
but no problem not for one
waste as much product as it is
very thick you can use enough to
put on the night I used enough
simple here is a cream gel that you
will you focus?
I think she's very strong.
is a cream gel with alpha hydroxy acids
This is what a chemical peel is and he
has a mixture of acids in formula 1
so I use it every day at night is
for it is stimulating collage of my
skin is also leaving my
leg a little bit lighter with sun
that I use this product is enough
to pass on my face everything is is a
another product that I also acquired well
at the end of August it was these
You cook here that I'm crazy to do.
the review for you is a choice
which is very very much like a
imported light and sonic call
Only this one is from Bill Clinton who
It's a brush that she has movements.
bus comes 13 types of brush and this
here is the plus that is the largest size
so she comes two brushes her own
would become normal and more
and also a
You do not have to carry it all the time.
charge once and you're ready to use
It gives enough to use the toilet
shower because it is waterproof it
has the in three speeds
This one is stronger. This is the weakest and
this is the fifth 'media' area and it is
same as clarify sony is the same as if
oil the sony clear housing that looks
he here you think he's just the same
that this is the one plínio sells there in the
beauty web site and sic was liked
320 reais and a smaller one I think is 220
I thought the bigger it's worth it
so I use it every day at night to
help me take off my makeup during the
also skin care product, I
O used quite followed me here that you
It was an indication that I saw on the channel
andressa zequiel and I've been liking it
enough and it was a great tip for this
product I use in some of the
my body I have really realized
that he has given a uniform in these
areas
he is super
absorbs very much the skin absorbs and much
easy and has a good smell of
makeup items I do not know much
different thing it is not but I will show
For you guys I've used this bbb again.
click here the baby of l'Oreal I
I used a lot this month of September
Why I came back is using the
skin and it helps in addition to giving
sun protection
it also gives a treated on the skin gives a
in the millions some irritation is
this one is dark and has the
posture and have your skin be sharp
It fits right into my skin tone and I
I love this baby klink da l' oreéal
I used a lot even I'm using
now on my skin is this product here
that you know that I love that the basis in
Apothecary make mineral powder is
very practical professional day to day I
I already spent there in my sixth bottle
I was even now promoting
I bought the 12 to leave the stock
I was 20% off and I did not
I know this product is this is the color
medium button beige what I used most
That was certainly the one I was here for.
using now that is the flash of the
fabulous that is the button so in lipstick
the most desired look only he really
It's a lipstick It's very beautiful It's a lipstick
you're going to see more of me
every time i use the people button
I'm being asked what button I'm using
then it's the fabulous flat out darmaki the
product as well that I discovered that my
passion is in the first moment was
this first one here is a plan in HD
dailus he is very good he has
protein today that actually leaves the
skin very dry and co
some lines of expressions with the
poles well disguised bronze for
blush actually did not wear much blush
I used a lot this product here including
I am using today that is bronze
splendor
Look who's the brass of the eudora
this is wonderful look at that it is
perfect for you to leave your skin super
tanned and he's really big, look there
There's this darker part that you can
you do it here if you use
alone can be used as a blush more
orange and you can mix the two
to give a well-tanned shade of the
eyebrow I used this time too much
here I love this lapse looting of avon
because besides being with the color
including my eyebrow
I'm using today he has the option
the tip and you can also use
here below use as an abs pencil
invented when you do not want to use a
black then the one here in brown
Moreno is the eyebrow pencil
havan other hair items also no
I used
so it does not have much quality and I used it
much more
I prayed a lot of product in oneself
how I came from beauty fair and the month of
September so every day I used a
different product and protesting for
You then I repeated very few
products but I could not help but
highlight Shiite brand products
even has this kit here in the
channel that is this kit here that is of the line
cancer building system i had no way
to stop highlighting these products because
really are very good of my timbu to
xii it was the one from here what people I am
in love even i used it today
along with it but have the yellow and give a
incredible result in my hair my
I love this product and I'm sure
I will not be happier, have liked
of the tip do not forget to sign up here
on my channel give a jewel if you like
A kiss until the next video bye